Intro dialogue:
You open your eyes and realize that you are laying in a bed in a room you don’t recognize. You walk to one of the big windows and look outside. The view is largely obstructed by a thick fog. The fog prevents you from seeing far, but you can see that you are in the middle of the ocean. This of course makes sense, since you have been working on the ship for the past few weeks. 

You look down at the surprisingly empty deck and realize that you are in the captain’s quarters. This strikes you as odd, since you were never allowed to go near there. All you did was slave away on the deck, taking orders from superior staff. The pay was surprisingly good for such a simple job on such a short notice. You realize that the ship doesn’t move. This is odd, since it seems to be in the middle of the day. Where is everybody? You try to switch on the lights, but the light switch doesn’t do anything. Is there a power outage? You turn back around.

Room descriptions:
    captains quarters:
The captain’s quarters are relatively small, with sparse decorations. Apart from the small bed in the corner, there is a desk with papers strewn all over it. Beside it, there is a radio. Behind you, there is a door which leads down to the deck.
    kitchen:
The kitchen is as lifeless as the rest of the ship. The large dinner table is set, but there is no food layed out. There may be something in the corner. At the other side of the room, there is a fridge. A ladder in the corner leads to the sleeping quarters. The only door in the room leads to the deck.
    sleeping quarters:
Beds for the crew lines the walls. The room is dimly lit, but you can still see how every bed is unmade. Beside one of the beds, there is an open bag. The rest of the crews belongings are seemily untouched. There is a small staircase that leads down to the engine room. There is also a ladder which leads up to the kitchen.
    engine room:
The engine room is colder than it usually is, and it us . The engine seemes to be off. In front of you, there is a fuse box, and next to it stands a metal locker. You know that tools are stored in there. There are no other exits other than the staircase back to the sleeping quarters.
    deck:
The cold, humid air hits you as you walk out on the deck. It is quiet and nothing suggests that there is anyone else there. Farther away, a large stack of shipping containers stands. You don’t remember what the ship is supposed to be carrying, or maybe you didn’t ask. Closer to you, an identical shipping container stands on its own. It has stood there for the entire journey, but you never asked why it isn’t near the other containers or what it contains. The doors are locked with a sturdy but rusty chain. All the lifeboats seem to have disappeared. However, the ship is old and still has one old metal lifeboat left. They apparently didn’t remove it when they renovated the ship. There is a door which leads to the kitchen. There is also a staircase which leads to the captain's quarters.

Room specific:
    captains quarters:
        radio:
Since there is a power outage, the radio doesn't work.
        papers:
There are a few papers strewn on the desk, but nothing seems important.
        bed:
The bed looks way more comfortable than the ones that the rest of the crew uses.
    kitchen:
        corner:
A crowbar rests against the wall. It is old and a bit rusted, but it can definitely be used.
    sleeping quarters:
        bag:
You look inside the bag. Inside, there is a lot of junk, but you see the glimmer of a locker key at the bottom.
    engine room:
        engine:
The engine is cold and silent. It seemes to have been turned off for a while. You don't have the technical skills to fix it.
        fuse box:
You open the fuse box. Everything seems in order, exept for a missing fuse. At closer ispection, you see that the missing fuse is the main fuse. That explains the power outage. Where could the fuse be?
        closed locker:
You try to open the locker, but unfortunately, it's locked.
        open locker:
Inside, there is a toolbox with an abundance of tools. You could surely get some use out of it.
    deck:
        lifeboat:
The lifeboat is old and rusty. In this state, using it would not go well. However, with the help of some tools, you could definitely make it safe to use.
        shipping container:
The rusty shipping container is locked with a sturdy chain, as it always is. Maybe there is something interesting in it?

Endings:
    Bad Ending:
Against your better judgement, you decide to use the lifeboat without repairing it first. You lower yourself into the ocean and start to row. The boat seemes to work fine, surprisingly. But wait! You feel cold water around your feet! The water starts flowing into the boat, and before you know it, you are floating in the water. The water is freezing cold and you feel your limbs quickly become hard to use. Eventually, you can't keep your head over water. You take a breath in panic, but you only breathe in water. Your chest burns as freezing water starts to fill up your lungs. Your vision starts to fade as you quickly fall unconsious and slowly sink into the dark abyss below you. BAD ENDING
    Neutral Ending:
You step carefully into the lifeboat and lower yourself down into the water. The fog seems to have lifted a bit, and you think you can see land in the distance. You start rowing with determination. You may not know what happened to the ship or its crew, but at least you will be okay. NEUTRAL ENDING
    Good Ending:
You pick up the radio and dial the coastguard. You tell them that you are stranded on a ship alone and send over your coordinates. Apparently they were already searching for the ship. They tell you that they have sent a rescuing team to your location and tell you to stay put. Not long after, you are picked up and taken to land. On the way, they tell you that they found the crew and the captain, and that they have been apprehended. They tell you that you need to answer a few questions at the police station. Perhaps you can now figure out what happened, but right now, you are just happy you're safe. GOOD ENDING


Help section:
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
You need help? Too stupid?

Commands:

'take/pickup/grab/t [item]'
'use/u [item] on [use_item_on]'
'walk/go/run/g to the [new location]'

You can also look around the room, or at room-specific things by using:
'look/l at [text]'





––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––




You cannot do that here.